WebAPI: Update Method pages (part 44) (#16618)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlkeygenelement/index.md

## Properties

- `autofocus`

>   - : A [`Boolean`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean) that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("autofocus", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, indicating that the form control should have input focus when the page loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A boolean value that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("autofocus", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, indicating that the form control should have input focus when the page loads.
```

- `challenge`

>   - : A [`DOMString`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("challenge", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing a challenge string that is packaged with the submitted key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("challenge", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing a challenge string that is packaged with the submitted key.
```

- `form` {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : A [`HTMLFormElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement) that indicates the control's form owner, reflecting the {{ htmlattrxref("form", "keygen") }} HTML attribute if it is defined.
- `keytype`

>   - : A [`DOMString`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("keytype", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing the type of key used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("keytype", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing the type of key used.
```

- `labels` {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{ unimplemented_inline(556743) }}
  - : A [`NodeList`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NodeList) that represents a list of label elements associated with this keygen element.
- `name`

>   - : A [`DOMString`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("name", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing the name for the control that is submitted with form data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that reflects the {{ htmlattrxref("name", "keygen") }} HTML attribute, containing the name for the control that is submitted with form data.
```

- `type` {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A [`DOMString`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) that must be the value `keygen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that must be the value `keygen`.
```

- `validationMessage` {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A [`DOMString`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMString) representing a localized message that describes the validation constraints that the control does not satisfy (if any). This is the empty string if the control is not a candidate for constraint validation (`willValidate` is false), or it satisfies its constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string representing a localized message that describes the validation constraints that the control does not satisfy (if any). This is the empty string if the control is not a candidate for constraint validation (`willValidate` is `false`), or it satisfies its constraints.
```

- `validity` {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A [`ValidityState`](/en-US/docs/DOM/ValidityState_Interface) representing the validity states that this element is in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A {{domxref("ValidityState")}} object representing the validity states that this element is in.
```

- `willValidate`

>   - : A [`Boolean`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean) that is always false because `keygen` objects are never candidates for constraint validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A boolean value that is always false because `keygen` objects are never candidates for constraint validation.
```
